fix(content): Remove derogatory remarks in "FW Katya 1" (#9663)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/free worlds 0 prologue.txt

			
			label karate
			`	You dodge sideways and spin quickly. As you do so you hear a loud click, but the gun does not fire. With one hand you knock aside the gun. With the other you land a karate chop which, if you had studied karate, would've shattered her collarbone and left her reeling in pain. But since you have not studied karate, instead your blow bounces harmlessly off her surprisingly muscular shoulder.`

> 			`	Your assailant turns out to be wearing a Free Worlds uniform and a very disappointed expression. "Well, aren't you a dumb, reckless bastard." she says, "I'd hoped for something better from you. Were this gun loaded, your brains would already be splattered all over the sidewalk. And you hit like a paper tiger that's been soaking for days. I have no use for hotheads like you." She makes to stalk off, leaving you very confused. It would appear that you've just failed some sort of test.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Your assailant turns out to be wearing a Free Worlds uniform and a very disappointed expression. "Well, aren't you a reckless fool." she says, "I'd hoped for something better from you. First of all, if this this gun were loaded, your brains would already be splattered all over the sidewalk. And second, you hit like a paper tiger that's been soaking for days. I have no use for hotheads like you." She stalks off, leaving you very confused. It would appear that you've just failed some sort of test.`
```
The irony of picking at this example of a sexist phrase despite what it can mean to characterization (including when contrasted against later representation of feminine warrior, meaning this is about stereotypes of "girl" as a specific gender representation [possibly specific to humanity as a culture/species], not an assumption from the character of the fighting ability of all females) but not addressing the ableism or denigration of heritage through the institution of marriage in the very same paragraph.

Suggesting to revert unrelated and unnecessary style adjustments to it as well, especially in the dialogue itself. (I do agree that the ! is improperly matched with "said," though, but would prefer a better speech verb to restore the ! instead, as punctuation speaks to intent more than poor word choice.)

> 			`	Your assailant turns out to be wearing a Free Worlds uniform and a very disappointed expression. "Well, aren't you a dumb, reckless bastard." she says, "I'd hoped for something better from you. If this gun was loaded, your brains would already be splattered all over the sidewalk. And you hit like a paper tiger in that's been soaking in the rain for the past few days. I have no use for hotheads like you." She makes to stalk off, leaving you very confused. It would appear that you've just failed some sort of test.`

Reviewer 2: paper tiger that's been soaking

The in is unnecessary

Also the were to was change is unnecessary, both forms are valid

Author: If we wanted to use were, it should be like "Were this gun loaded" instead of "If this gun were loaded"

Reviewer 2: No, here's a grammar explanation for you: https://www.grammarly.com/blog/conditional-sentences-was-instead-of-were/

To me, the sentence is an unreal conditional (the gun is NOT loaded in reality, she is telling you what would happen if it were)

Author: "If .. were .." Sounds bad, so I'll just use "Were .." instead, then.

			choice
				`	(Let her go.)`
					decline
				`	"I would've won if I had a weapon."`
			

> 			`	She turns back with a blazing glint in her eyes, tossing an object in your direction. "Try me," she growls. You look down at what you just caught in your hand. A taser looks back at you with a judging stare.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	She turns back around, with a fearsome gleam in her eyes, and tosses an object in your direction. "Try me," she growls. You look down at what you just caught in your hand. A taser looks back at you with a judging stare.`
```

I do like this alternative, in general, (though it is unfortunate to lose the glimpse into her perspective on gender stereotyping), but again please revert the unnecessary style changes.

			choice
				`	(Try her.)`
					goto winded
				`	(Pass the weapon back.)`
			

> 			`	"You know, maybe you can learn. I think I'll give you another shot."`

Reviewer 3: the karate move should be the end imo, no second tries after you just did a very stupid thing

Author: > the karate move should be the end imo, no second tries after you just did a very stupid thing

I think it's OK from both a plot and gameplay perspective to give a second change. Katya also lets you off if you do the Karate move a bit later into the convo, so there's a precedent, and it shows to Katya that the player character is willing to not go too far.

Reviewer 4: > Katya also lets you off if you do the Karate move a bit later into the convo, so there's a precedent,

We also already have an entirely separate mission that can occur if you do the early karate move. This one is already given a second chance.

Reviewer 5: Yeah, there's no need for a second chance built into this mission, because there is a second chance mission later if you prove yourself by assisting the FW.

> 			`	"You know, maybe you can learn. I think I'll give you another shot."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"You know, maybe you can learn, so maybe I'll give you another shot, some day."`
```

> 				goto explanation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

			label winded
			`	You pull the trigger. The next thing you know, you're lying belly-up on the ground, winded and gasping for air. The woman walks off, muttering about how she "needed a little stress relief anyways, so it wasn't a total waste of time."`
			

> 			`You stay laying there for a good few minutes, trying to appreciate the pastel sunset that spreads out across the sky, but a few stones poking at your back and a gathering crowd force you to pull yourself up and make your way back to the <ship>.`

Reviewer: I think this needs a `decline` on the next line, doesn't it?
